Good morning, family!
Praise the Lord.
62?
I warped ahead one.
Well, thank you for joining us, y'all; we're excited you're here.
We have some things on our heart to tell you.
You know, Billye Brim gave a prophetic word on the 11th of December.
She had this word, but I want to go back.
Kim Clement gave another word back in 2015, and he said that we would have a strange July, a hypnotic November, and then, 'Oh, what a Christmas!
' I believe we had that strange July with President Trump being almost assassinated.
Then we had the hypnotic November, which was very strange—the way everything went was really wild.
Now we have this opportunity for an 'Oh, what a Christmas!
' I thought it might be finances because of some of the things I've seen, but then Sister Billye has this word.
Tell them what the Lord showed her.
This was the December 11th, 2024, prophetic word through Billye Brim regarding Christmas.
'December 25th, Christmas: It shall begin on that date that the gifts that I have given to you—the ministry gifts, the nine Holy Spirit gifts too—will begin to operate on a greater level and degree of glory.
Pastors can look for the ministry gifts: the Holy Spirit gifts of the word of wisdom and the word of knowledge to begin to work, as well as tongues and interpretation to a greater degree.
All of the ministry gifts—the five-fold ministry gifts—if they will yield to it, if they will yield to the Holy Spirit, if they yield to me and not insist on finishing their own plan and purpose for that day, then they shall give forth what the Spirit of the Lord says.
And so it shall begin on the day you honor me, giving gifts unto men, showing that I am the greatest of gifts of all.
And so you watch it; you just see these things will begin to operate in the pulpits of the land to every man or woman or even child who will stand and yield to me.
A date to await and a date to celebrate.
' Hallelujah!
Praise God.
So the Lord showed her December 25th.
All that was amazing.
Then you know about the president and the timing.
Folks, I have such an anticipation for what God is about to do all around the world.
It's like we're on a rocket that's getting ready to take off.
Everything has come for such a time as this.
I can feel it with the finances.
If you have any kind of discernment or spiritual anything at all, you can feel the signs of the times, like the anticipation in the heavenlies for the breakthrough for the body.
It's like I tried to tell somebody yesterday: we're nine months pregnant.
Brandon, I'm so ready for this baby to come!
That is all a woman thinks about when she's nine months pregnant; they are anticipating the birthing.
It's on your mind 24/7 because you're miserable, the baby's kicking, and it's hard to sleep.
I'm not trying to explain that to any female who has been through it.
Just the anticipation of the baby—as a father, I am anticipating the baby's arrival too, and being excited about a new child coming into my home that God is fixing to bless us with.
Going back to how it feels in the spirit realm, I feel like we're on the verge of something huge.
That's why I told you all that BlackRock and these companies would try to derail Trump's agenda with the crypto and Elon Musk.
There is a hidden plan behind closed doors.
We are praying against moles in the White House trying to sabotage the plans of the Lord so that we are not set back by the demonic agenda.
They want to derail God's agenda, but we know that we have the upper hand; greater is He who is in us than he who is in the world.
I know for a fact that if we stand in the gap, we're going to rise above this demonic influence.
The enemy is not wanting to go silently with this new administration coming in.
The enemy's trying to raise his head up just to poke you a little bit more.
You've seen that with Jerome Powell this week talking about the finances and wanting to do just like I told you all: it's going to be about the interest rates, banks loaning for car and house loans, credit card notes, church mortgages, and the major debt crisis.
Trump is trying to turn it around with crypto, gold, and silver.
Then the Lord showed Kim Clement a great shaking of the soil and a new energy springing forth out of our ground—something we don't have right now, a supernatural intervention for the United States and for the Christians and the American people.
God has a secret plan, and I believe we're about to see it.
What the devil meant for bad, God's going to turn around for good.
We're going to have the victory, and the remnant will walk in a financial blessing that is so over the top that the world's going to stand by.
I'm talking decamillionaires.
There will be people who had just a little bit of wealth start walking in decamillionaires—that means multiples of over ten.
That is a supernatural abundance of wealth coming to people.
The Lord said it would happen in a 24-hour period.
The Lord warned me: 'Brandon, this wealth transfer—you'll go to bed one night and you'll wake up the next day and it will already have started to begin.
' Within 24 hours, you're going to see this thing skyrocket like a rocket taking off.
I believe we are on the edge of the waterfall; you see Niagara Falls?
We're right there.
Something major is about to happen.
The manifestations and demonstrations of the glory is what Sister Billye is talking about.
Just like when I was in Heaven on the edge of Heaven and I saw the tsunami wave.
There was this massive Holy Ghost water outpouring at a breaking point.
This was back in 2014, and there's no time, distance, or space in the spirit realm.
The breakpoint of that wave was right there, and behind that wave were angels on chariots of fire with packages—beautifully wrapped Christmas presents with red, blue, and gold bows.
I asked Jesus, 'Lord, what is in those boxes?
' He said, 'Those are mantles and giftings that the world has never seen before.
Behold, I'm going to do a new thing in this last generation, something beyond your wildest expectation.
' So we have these packages with big bows, and I've wondered if they've been delivered.
Then Sister Billye has this word about an amazing Christmas present.
I'm putting them together with the 'Oh, what a Christmas!
' from Kim Clement.
Glory to God!
You should get excited about this.
I've got goosebumps on goosebumps right now because supernatural demonstrations of the Holy Spirit like we've never seen before are about to happen.
I was saying, 'Lord, we need another Billy Graham to preach the gospel and bring in the harvest.
' The Lord said, 'Brandon, that's for that generation.
I'm going to do something new with you and your viewers.
We don't need the old mantles; we need something new.
' I remember when I was driving by Oral Roberts University and the Lord showed me a great revival about to take place there with the kids on campus.
I saw deep stone wells that were capped off.
The Lord said they had lids on them.
What happened to the revival from the 1950s?
Where did that Oral Roberts stuff go with the healings and demonstrations with AA Allen, Jack Coe, William Branham, and Kenneth Hagin?
It felt like it went stagnant because you're not hearing about it, but the Lord said He was taking those old wells of revival and healing.
I saw men drink from those wells and take revival and healing to the lands.
The Lord said, 'Now, in this generation, I'm saving the best for last.
Not only will you drink from that well, but you're going to go to the depths and be saturated in it for the great and mighty works you will do in these last days.
' I saw that wave at its breaking point, and the Lord said it's about to flood the Earth one last time.
One last revival will take place.
I saw lights upon the Earth like grains of wheat.
He said those lights were on all the continents.
America was just full of wheat.
He told me, 'Brandon, this is the harvest at the last of the last.
This is a vast harvest.
' He had tears running down His face.
He said, 'Do you see Asia?
' He pointed out veins that looked like gold going through a rock.
He said, 'Those are the underground churches in Asia.
My gospel cost them something.
' Because of the persecution in China, there's a mighty harvest going through Asia, North Korea, South Korea, and Japan.
That major outpouring is on our heels.
For 2025, the Lord told me, 'Brandon, I'm giving you a reprieve for four years for a mighty harvest.
' It will be at the end of a Shemitah cycle.
I believe the coming of the Lord will be at the end and starting of a new seven years.
Tribulation is seven years, and it will be at the beginning of a Shemitah cycle.
We have an ending of a Shemitah cycle in 2028, so I believe we have a window of time for a major harvest of souls.
Yes, we will see birthing pains and earthquakes, but the glorious church without spot or wrinkle will rise up.
I am a voice crying in the wilderness telling you that we're at the end.
There will be a generation that does not taste death, and we are that generation.
I believe with all my heart that Jesus is coming in our lifetime.
He came to me and said, 'I am the Lord of the harvest.
Will you help me?
' He held out His hands with massive holes—you could see through them to the other side with glory shining through.
He said, 'I died for every single one of them.
Will you help me bring in the harvest?
' I said, 'Yes, Lord, as for me and my house, we will help you.
' He was calling the people in, walking amongst the wheat, and the wheat was bowing before Him.
He said, 'I'm sending the angel armies.
' The angel armies were falling just like that wave.
There were two per person for the unsaved.
The reserves are coming to war on our behalf, but it's our job to pray and intercede.
Just like Abraham interceded for Sodom and Gomorrah, you have to pray for your loved ones.
Believe by faith that they will have a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We're running out of time.
We will see signs and wonders.
Do you believe that signs and wonders will follow them that believe?
That we will raise the dead?
The Lord put emphasis on raising the dead—it will be an everyday thing.
It won't just be something you heard Smith Wigglesworth did 100 years ago.
We're going to hear and see signs and wonders like Azusa Street, and it's going to be over the top.
Braden is excited, my little girl is excited, and Megan is anticipating.
Anticipation brings the manifestation of what we've been believing for.
You have to anticipate that God is going to move on our behalf.
It's time for us to walk in abundance and overflow.
I wanted to encourage you today to believe God for the supernatural.
On Christmas, you're going to get your Christmas package.
We're not going to accept any 'devil poo-poo' packages; we're having a turnaround.
We will call down fire like Elijah, see the dead raised, lay hands on the blind, and cast out devils.
Our shadow is going to touch the sick in hospitals.
Do not be depressed or have anxiety.
Lift up your head, for our redemption is drawing nigh.
All things are possible to him who believes.
We are living on the victory side.
Father, we thank you for your supernatural hand on this YouTube channel.
We're believing for a million-prayer army.
We lay hands on the sick and call those things that be not as though they were.
We agree that you are healed and whole.
Satan's yoke of bondage is broken off your neck today.
You are no longer bound by demonic oppression or strongholds.
The fire of the Holy Ghost delivers you from the top of your head to the souls of your feet.
You are set free by the blood of the Lamb.
We command depression to go now in Jesus' name.
You have the mind of Christ.
God has not given you a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind.
You will sleep soundly, uninterrupted by any demonic force.
We take authority over your epinephrine, cortisol levels, and estrogen—your hormones.
Be healed and whole.
You will have good REM cycle sleep and good dreams—no night terrors.
Your marriages are strong.
This will be the best Christmas season you've ever had.
2025 will be a year of great overflow.
Everything you put your hands to will prosper.
There will be a supernatural acceleration of seed-time and harvest.
We believe the seeds you sowed in '24 will reap a hundredfold return in 2025.
Lord, I thank you that you've not forgotten the seeds our ancestors sowed.
I don't believe in generational curses; I believe for the harvest of their seeds that they didn't reap.
We call those seeds in.
Seeds don't die unless you ask for a crop failure.
We pray for Donald Trump to have divine protection and for his son, Don Jr.
, to be protected.
We pray for Elon Musk to get born again.
We call every one of your family members born again.
Be a light in the darkness this Christmas season.
Let people see Jesus in you even if they are drinking or boozing.
You don't have to hit them over the head with the Bible; just show the love of God.
I'm excited about what's fixing to happen in just a couple of days.
If you could, like our video and subscribe.
Every time you click that notification bell or comment, you are helping us with the YouTube algorithms.
We are venturing out to help the Korean channel.
We've started channels in China, the Philippines, Korea, and Russia.
That's five channels.
We'll put the links in the description.
More growth in 2025!
The Lord told me to be on every available voice throughout the world.
Time is running out.
We're working as hard as we can to get this gospel spread.
We anticipate Jesus saying, 'Well done, thou good and faithful servant.
' Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.
God bless you all, and have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.